And there you go, andre pine, a consultant.
fertilizer informs fitch
guys the next I'm so old
people on the internet came to ask me
and even come many videos of
people preparing enough protein
an inappropriate form such as the
citizen is composed of law not liking to
brand and two doses
Water boot milk or come later and tó
people to protein
without the action of the carbohydrate
Are you throwing money away and volleyball?
but the financial question or the question
of benefit until today it's nice of you
take and how many a day in my
hui opinion does not replace food
none
in the worst case you were the
transit have no way to draw a lunch box
and eat will oxy medicine month does not have
Way beauty ok now there are not
people are addicted to a protein
because eurotel does not generate density
which will generate need
muscle is diet rice brown rice
white potato 12 fish out there
the ideal is not to be at least the same as
about six meals you only a couple
leagues
this law that gives in the case it may be
being his post training and another in the case
of sleeping caffeine I'll specify
What more or less for you guys like me?
prepare as I was preparing the sheik
My case, I can not train. I'm going.
add 50 grams of a hypothesis to
sunbathing and
alê simple wrong away alone and that
will happen
the function of the applied device is very
very simple basic it has as function
rebuild music if you do not have one
carbohydrate in the case here an optimism
to ally the protein what goes
to happen
You will use protein to
glycogen recovery and no more
for muscle reconstruction ps gives
Wrong, you're wasting your money.
is not investing on that day that you
is spending that can is buying
a chicken a thread then understood what
I do two discovered the most
or less 50 grams of protein for the
full scope plus or minus plus 30 and 35
grams of carbohydrate anyway
done that here our confectioners
ice water never for the love of god
put the lactose milk in you
Invest the money, I did not vote for you.
fat-free elderly do not
This is with water.
Thanks. How are you? This is it.